auth-{4.7.5,4.8.5,4.9.4}: changelog entries + secpoll update (#15124)
PowerDNS/pdns: docs/changelog/4.9.rst

Changelogs for 4.9.x
====================

.. changelog::
  :version: 4.9.4
  :released: 7th of February 2025

>   This is release 4.7.5 of the Authoritative Server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This is release 4.9.4 of the Authoritative Server.
```
